♪♪
[Flower gurgling]
[Flower growls]
[Flower chokes]
Galasum...
benedictus...
morium.
[Flower screeches]
[Flower splats]
♪♪
[Footsteps approaching]
[Suspenseful music plays]
We've had enough
of your interfering.
Oh, yeah?
What are you gonna do about it?
[Screeches]
Aah!
Galasum, benedictus...
Galasum...
[Heart beating]
Galas...
[Groans]
M-My... heart.
[Body thuds]
[Laughing manically]
[Telephone rings]
What the hell time is it?
Leon: Sheriff Miller?
It's your wife, sir.
She's dead.
Leon, you idiot,
my wife is right h...
Claire?
♪♪
[Engine shuts off]
[Grunts]
What?
[Flower exhales]
[Gags]
[Coughs]
Man: Early temperatures dipping
down into the 40s tonight.
We'll be right back
on All Sports, W...
[Radio shuts off]
[Yawns exaggeratedly]
Sorry.
- [Chuckles]
I didn't sleep a wink
last night.
Really? Me neither.
I might be able to sneak back
into the evidence locker
and scrounge up some
of the [sniffs] "white lady."
What's that?
Nothing.
It'd be very hard to prove
that I ever tried
- Any of that cocaine in there.
Hey, uh...
what is that, uh...
that awful thing growing
in front of the station?
Oh, you mean the butthole
with teeth.
Yeah, I think I saw it
eat a bird earlier.
That's not the only one.
What do you mean?
Well, there's one at the school,
the church,
the town hall,
and the old courthouse.
They tried digging one up, but
the thing's got roots of steel.
Ours is the only one in bloom.
Smells like that pillow
we found in solitary,
the one with the clown
drawn on it.
I think I know where
we can get some answers.
Should we get a new map now?
That's kind of a weird thing
to have hanging
in a sheriff's station.
[Yawns exaggeratedly]
[Tab pops]
[Sugar bags crinkle, rip]
Man: By 1939,
Nazi Germany invades Poland,
and the dogs of war are loosed.
[Doorbell rings]
After denouncing
the Lucknow Pact...
Get that, will ya, Denise?
I can't get up.
[Yawns]
What, did I stutter?
Let's go, hippity hop
to the barber shop.
[Sighs] Watch out.
He's real cranky.
Neither of us got any sleep
last night.
Yeah.
- Really?
You guys too, huh?
I don't like this.
I need to go look
in Claire's library.
Oh, sure.
Act like you own the joint.
[Gulping]
Huh.
God's sake.
♪♪
Yeah, no, the...
Okay, the bloom
- Of the black flowers, yeah.
The black flowers
bloom twice each year.
There's five of them.
Oh, sounds like
you got that covered.
Now, there's a documentary
on World War II,
and I don't want to miss it.
Stan, listen,
this is important.
No, you listen to me...
This is important,
and I... I had exactly
one rule with Claire.
And that was don't bother me
during documentaries
about World War II.
And Claire had one rule
with me...
no breakfast foods for dinner.
I don't know what it was
with her,
but God damn, if you
cracked an egg after noon,
that woman would come at you
all eyes and teeth
like a... like a... like a...
like a wolverine in spandex.
All right, listen...
"When the first flowers bloom,
no sleep shall find you,"
right?
That's happened to all of us.
The second...
"A living soul
shall enter the land
of the dead."
The third... "A loyal friend
will turn against you."
Fourth...
- ♪ From the halls
of Montezuma ♪
Fourth...
- ♪ To the... ♪
Fourth... "The dead begin
their journey back."
And fifth...
"The blood of the living
will be spilled
in the Land Of The Dead."
Now, listen to this,
this is really important.
"Only if the same blood
is spilled in the land
of the living
shall this be reversed,
otherwise the portal will open
and the Land Of The Dead shall
corrupt the Land Of The Living
until times end."
Now, that's settled.
No, it's not settled!
Evil flowers, dude.
Ugh.
- Wish I could talk to Claire.
What if we held a séance?
Yes!
Let's do it, Dad.
No.
- Oh, yes.
I want to talk to the Munchkins
from the "Wizard of Oz."
They're all dead now.
Leave your mother alone.
The woman never had a minute's
peace in her entire life,
and we're damn sure not gonna
go bug her in the grave now.
All right, um, everyone.
[Groans]
Hey, we're gonna close our eyes,
right?
And... And you'll love this,
we're gonna hold hands.
Oh!
Stan, just do it.
[Clears throat] Okay.
Ah-nasta-ma,
nostu-nocturne.
Ah-nasta-ma...
[echoing]
nostu-nocturne.
You there, Mom?
[Gasps]
Uh, what happened?
I was holding his hand,
and then...
and then he was gone.
[Suspenseful music plays]
Stan?
Dad?
- This isn't funny.
Claire: Did you fall asleep
at the table again?
Claire?
Yes?
Is this a dream,
- Or is that other stuff a dream?
Or are they both dreams and
I'm still at the police academy?
That would suck.
You're gonna miss
your show, hon.
"The World At War" is on.
You love it when the Italians
hang Mussolini.
Oh, you know I do.
Claire.
[Wind whistling]
Oh, Claire.
[TV turns on]
Man: So dated German...
Oh, thanks, hon.
And I got to tell you, I, uh...
I had the weirdest dream.
Well, I wouldn't worry about it.
Just enjoy your show.
Okay.
Dad?
Nothing.
He's nowhere.
[Sighs] Maybe he climbed
out the window.
He did that once
one Thanksgiving.
We all closed our eyes
to say grace,
and when we looked up,
he was at a bar.
No. Wait a minute.
The second flower
- Must have bloomed, right?
Uh, an unsuspecting soul
will enter the Land Of The Dead.
Well, how do we
get him back?
- I'm not sure.
[Gasps]
The Munchkins would know.
No.
Okay, wait a minute.
Um,
- If I can't talk to Claire,
maybe Claire could
talk to me, right?
Munchkins should be, like,
a-a second option.
We're not contacting
the Munchkins!
♪♪
Come on, come on, come on.
[Sighs]
"Piercing the Veil
& The Secrets
of Inter-dimensional
Communication."
Wait.
Man: ...in Nazi Germany,
which would trigger
the outbreak of World War II.
Meanwhile, the Japanese,
under the command of General...
Okay, uh, I think I know
where your dad is.
Now we just have to
figure out some way to
communicate with him.
On April 24th,
the SDP issued...
What are you watching?
"World At War."
It's one of my dad's
favorite TV shows.
[Scoffs] Of course it...
It is?
- Uh-huh.
♪♪
[Sighs]
Nazi Germany.
With Czechoslovakia
tucked firmly into his creel,
Hitler set his sights
on Poland.
[Hitler speaking German]
[Cheers and applause]
Stan!
Stan, it's not Hitler.
It's me... Evie.
Listen to me, Stan.
You're not in the real world.
Okay.
That woman isn't Claire.
Her name is Ida Putnam.
She was burnt at the stake
for being a witch,
and she's going to kill you
when the fifth flower blooms,
Stan.
Unless you kill her first.
To be clear,
I'm supposed to kill my wife
because Hitler told me to do it
on TV.
Yeah. It's a leap.
Ha.
But she's not your wife, Stan.
She's not Claire!
You can prove it!
Her husband accused her
of being a witch
so he could marry her sister.
She was burnt at the stake
in 1693
just like the others.
Nein! Don't...
[TV turns off]
Can I get you another beer?
Sweetheart... how many
of these have I had?
I wish I felt better
about how that went.
He does like that show, though.
[Clock chimes]
The third flower's gonna bloom.
"A loyal friend
- Shall turn against you."
♪♪
[Insects chirping]
Come on, girl.
Go on, pretty girl.
Pepper?
[Flower exhales]
There you are.
Come on out here, girl.
Come on.
[Pepper growls]
Oh, shit!
No, Pepper!
[Screaming]
Stop! [Screaming]
Oh!
Why would I smell that?
I know it's terrible.
[Coughs]
- I talked to the little
old lady next door.
What did...
She's in a wheelchair,
pretty much blind.
But... I've a sneaking suspicion
she's our killer.
Yeah?
I found this.
You think it might be evidence?
Let me see that.
[Sighs]
"The most loyal
of friends."
Good God.
And, of course,
two more flowers to go.
Very funny.
What are you talking about?
Two more flowers.
Oh.
Give that a whiff.
[Sniffs] Yeah, that's ripe!
Hey, Claire, honey.
Yes, dear.
Where has that Denise been?
She's staying
at a friend's house.
Are you sure? 'Cause sometimes
she's says she's at her friends,
and then, sure shootin',
I find her in her sleeping bag
out behind the garage spooning
one of the garden gnomes.
I'm sure she's fine.
Well...
Man:
On April 24th, the SDP...
[Remote control clicking]
How is this always
the only thing on?
Eh.
Well, we'll check off
the fourth flower.
"And the dead shall begin
their journey back."
I don't even want to know.
Hi, Kevin.
Oh, hi. Hi, Denise.
Uh, hey.
How have things been
around here lately?
Like, you know,
pretty quiet or...
It's a cemetery.
Thanks.
Hey, Denise,
I still got that
squirrel skeleton in the shed
if you ever want to see it.
You know I do.
Ah, geez.
So...
Huh.
[Flower gurgling]
People...
clean this stuff up.
[Flower exhales]
Oh, man.
Hey, uh... Mr. Collins?
Can we talk this over?
♪♪
[Sizzling]
Hey.
Yes?
What, uh...
What's for din...
Just eggs tonight.
I still haven't
made it to the store.
First thing tomorrow,
I promise.
Breakfast for dinner, huh?
Breakfast for dinner.
Sounds fun.
I'm gonna go ahead
- And pass on dinner tonight,
if that's okay with you...
Ida.
Ida?
Stan,
it's me... Claire.
Are you feeling all right?
If you'd just made
- Your husband one decent meal,
he probably wouldn't have
dumped you for your sister.
[Growls]
[Flower gurgling]
Stan sheds blood
in the Land Of The Dead.
How am I supposed to shed
it in the Land Of The
Living at the same time?
It's...
[Sighs]
His blood, his blood.
Shed his blood.
Well, his fa... his family
is his blood.
His f...
His family is his...
Denise!
♪♪
Oh!
Denise, I've got it.
Stay right there.
Okay, don't move.
Okay,
can we talk about this?
- No.
Oh.
[Sighs]
Claire, honey?
I think I passed out
on the kitchen table again.
[Laughs evilly]
Oh, shit.
Hitler told me this
was gonna happen.
I can't even imagine
what your husband saw
in any other woman.
[Laughing] I'm sorry.
I know I shouldn't be laughing.
I'm just so tired!
[Laughs evilly]
Evie, I know we don't see
eye to eye on everything,
you know, but...
And the blood of the living
shall be shed
- In the Land Of The Dead.
No!
Aah!
[Grunts]
Oh, no!
[Sighs]
What the hell
are you two staring at?
It worked.
Okay, I-I can explain.
[Flower screeches, gurgles]
And then she stabbed me.
I... I mean, I cut you.
I did not stab you.
It's the same thing.
Two days of shit food
and Hitler.
[Tab clatters]
Daddy needs his medicine.
Hmm.
Man: ...would then be able to
align itself with Nazi Germany.
With Czechoslovakia
tucked firmly into his creel,
Hitler set his sights
on Poland,
which would trigger
the outbreak of World War II.
Oh, be quiet.
[TV turns off]
♪♪
[Sighs]
[Pepper growls]